[Review Needed] Create decision-making-process.md (#15)
open-life-science/ols-governance: docs/decision-making-process.md

**Types of Voting:** Active members can express their position on a GitHub issue by commenting with "Agree," "Disagree," or "Abstain" regarding the presented initiative. Members who "Disagree" or "Abstain" must provide a written justification (in a comment) to help improve the resources, initiative, or other discussion points. This enables the Committee to reach collective decisions or formulate recommendations for the executive team to consider.

**Informed Voting:** The Committee will discuss and address each agenda item, providing an opportunity for all perspectives to be heard and expressed. The proposed modalities will allow for consideration of both supporting and opposing arguments before concluding the decision-making and recommendation process within the designated timeframe.

**Committee’s Decision-Making:** Decisions will require approval by at least a two-thirds affirmative vote of active Committee members. It is crucial to understand that the Committee's decision-making process allows them to make recommendations, while the OLS Board of Directors retains final responsibility for actions affecting the organisation's activities.

> **Tied Votes:** In the event of tied alternatives, the Board of Directors will be responsible for resolving the issue by casting a vote between the tied options.

Reviewer: ```
**Tied Votes:** In the event of tied alternatives, the Board of Directors will be responsible for resolving the issue by casting a vote between the tied options.
```

Not quite sure who you mean by board of directors here - is this the OLS leadership team or the governance advisory committee? let's rename or link to a definitions doc

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
**Tied Votes:** In the event of an indecisive voting outcome from the Governance Advisory Committee's voting process, the Board of Directors will be responsible for resolving the issue by casting a vote between the tied options.
```

Reviewer: much clearer!

> **Red Flags:** As a remedy in exceptional situations where active Committee members believe that the issues addressed or submitted to vote do not or may not comply with OLS’s goals or values, they can activate this mechanism. To do so, they must email the full Committee via Slack or Email within 5 working days. The issue must then be discussed again asynchronously, in a scheduled meeting, or in an extraordinary meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Red Flags:** As a remedy in exceptional situations where active Committee members believe that the issues addressed or submitted to vote do not or may not comply with OLS’s goals or values, they can activate this mechanism. To do so, they must contact the full Committee via Slack or Email within 5 working days. The issue must then be discussed again asynchronously, in a scheduled meeting, or in an extraordinary meeting.
```
